README.md, before:

# News Curator

AI‑assisted news selection CLI, designed for open source use. It fetches recent news items from a Supabase table, asks an LLM (via OpenRouter) to rank and deduplicate, then updates each item with a queued status. Includes a safe dry‑run mode that prints chosen items without writing to the database.
By [DailyUncle.com](https://dailyuncle.com).
ภาษาไทยอยู่ด้านล่าง

## Features

- Structured prompt (TH) optimized for technology/science/innovation news
- Dedupes and limits final picks to a fixed `K`
- Dry‑run mode for previewing selections
- JSON log output for pipelines
- Supabase integration using service role key

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- Supabase project with a `feed_items` table
- OpenRouter API key

## Install

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill values:

```
cp .env.example .env
```
## Live Demo
https://dailyuncle.com
## Configure

Required environment variables:

- `SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Service role key
- `OPENROUTER_API_KEY`: OpenRouter API key

Optional defaults:

- `OPENROUTER_MODEL` (default: `tngtech/deepseek-r1t2-chimera:free`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_HOURS` (default: `48`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_LIMIT` (default: `100`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_FINAL_K` (default: `12`)

## Build

```
npm run build
```

This creates the CLI at `bin/news-curator.js` which loads `dist/index.js`.

## Usage

Run with Node (requires build):

```
news-curator --dry-run
```

Or during development without building:

```
npx tsx src/index.ts --dry-run
```

Options:

```
--hours <n>    Look back N hours (default: 48)
--limit <n>    Fetch at most N items (default: 100)
--final <k>    Target number to queue (default: 12)
--model <name> OpenRouter model (env OPENROUTER_MODEL)
--dry-run      Do not write to DB; print selections
--json         Emit JSON logs only
--help         Show help
```

Example (dry‑run):

```
news-curator --hours 36 --limit 80 --final 12 --dry-run
```

## Supabase schema

Minimum required columns on `feed_items` (types shown for reference):

- `id` (uuid or text, primary key)
- `title` (text)
- `url` (text)
- `summary` (text, nullable)
- `published_at` (timestamp with time zone, nullable)
- `status` (text) — expected values include `ready` and `completed`
- `queued_status` (text) — one of `queued|skipped|duplicate|low_quality|clickbait|out_of_scope`
- `selection_reason` (text, nullable)

Example SQL (adjust types/constraints as needed):

```
-- ids may be text or uuid depending on your pipeline
create table if not exists public.feed_items (
  id text primary key,
  title text not null,
  url text not null,
  summary text,
  published_at timestamptz,
  status text not null default 'ready',
  queued_status text,
  selection_reason text
);
```

## Prompt

The selection prompt (Thai) is tailored to pick high‑quality, non‑duplicative, tech/science/innovation news. It instructs the model to return only a strict JSON array and to label each item with a `queued_status` and short `reason`.

## Notes

- The tool adjusts to ensure exactly `K` items are marked `queued` per run.
- If the model returns fewer than `K`, it fills from the input order to reach `K`.
- Set `--dry-run` while tuning prompts and defaults.

---

## (TH) คำอธิบายภาษาไทย

News Curator เป็น CLI ช่วยคัดเลือกข่าวด้วย AI ออกแบบให้เปิดเผยซอร์ส ใช้งานง่าย และตั้งค่าได้ โดยจะดึงข่าวล่าสุดจาก Supabase (`feed_items`) ส่งให้โมเดลผ่าน OpenRouter เพื่อคัดและตัดซ้ำ แล้วอัปเดตสถานะที่ฐานข้อมูล มีโหมด Dry‑run สำหรับทดสอบโดยไม่เขียนข้อมูลจริง

จุดเด่น:

- Prompt ภาษาไทย เน้นข่าว เทคโนโลยี/วิทยาศาสตร์/นวัตกรรม
- เลือกข่าวที่ดีที่สุด และไม่ซ้ำกัน ในจำนวน K รายการ
- Dry‑run โชว์ผลที่เลือกโดยไม่แตะฐานข้อมูล
- Log แบบ JSON เหมาะกับ workflow อัตโนมัติ

ติดตั้งและใช้งาน:

1) เติมค่าใน `.env` (ดูตัวอย่าง `.env.example`)
2) รัน `npm run build`
3) รัน `news-curator --dry-run` เพื่อทดสอบ

ตัวเลือกสำคัญ:

- `--hours` ชั่วโมงย้อนหลัง (ค่าเริ่มต้น 48)
- `--limit` จำนวนสูงสุดที่ดึง (ค่าเริ่มต้น 100)
- `--final` จำนวน K ที่ต้องการเลือก (ค่าเริ่มต้น 12)
- `--model` เลือกโมเดล OpenRouter
- `--dry-run` แสดงผลโดยไม่เขียนฐานข้อมูล

สคีมาที่ใช้บน Supabase ดูหัวข้อ “Supabase schema” ด้านบน

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update package.json, README, tsconfig, and args.ts to enhance project configuration and documentation. Set package as public, add repository and homepage details, and include prepack and prepublish scripts. Expand README with usage instructions via npx and publishing guidelines. Modify tsconfig for declaration files and update ArgValue type to support string arrays.

README.md, after:

# News Curator

AI‑assisted news selection CLI, designed for open source use. It fetches recent news items from a Supabase table, asks an LLM (via OpenRouter) to rank and deduplicate, then updates each item with a queued status. Includes a safe dry‑run mode that prints chosen items without writing to the database.
By [DailyUncle.com](https://dailyuncle.com).
ภาษาไทยอยู่ด้านล่าง

## Features

- Structured prompt (TH) optimized for technology/science/innovation news
- Dedupes and limits final picks to a fixed `K`
- Dry‑run mode for previewing selections
- JSON log output for pipelines
- Supabase integration using service role key

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- Supabase project with a `feed_items` table
- OpenRouter API key

## Install

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill values:

```
cp .env.example .env
```
### Use via npx (no clone)

You can run the CLI directly without cloning by using npx (uses the published package):

```
npx news-curator --dry-run
```

Or install globally:

```
npm i -g news-curator
news-curator --dry-run
```
## Live Demo
https://dailyuncle.com
## Configure

Required environment variables:

- `SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Service role key
- `OPENROUTER_API_KEY`: OpenRouter API key

Optional defaults:

- `OPENROUTER_MODEL` (default: `tngtech/deepseek-r1t2-chimera:free`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_HOURS` (default: `48`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_LIMIT` (default: `100`)
- `NEWS_SELECT_FINAL_K` (default: `12`)

## Build

```
npm run build
```

This creates the CLI at `bin/news-curator.js` which loads `dist/index.js`.

## Usage

Run with Node (requires build):

```
news-curator --dry-run
```

Or during development without building:

```
npx tsx src/index.ts --dry-run
```

Options:

```
--hours <n>    Look back N hours (default: 48)
--limit <n>    Fetch at most N items (default: 100)
--final <k>    Target number to queue (default: 12)
--model <name> OpenRouter model (env OPENROUTER_MODEL)
--dry-run      Do not write to DB; print selections
--json         Emit JSON logs only
--help         Show help
```

Example (dry‑run):

```
news-curator --hours 36 --limit 80 --final 12 --dry-run
```

## Publishing

For maintainers: the package is configured for npm publish. The build runs automatically on `npm publish`/`npm pack` via `prepack`.

```
# Update version as needed
npm version patch

# Publish to npm (unscoped, public)
npm publish
```

## Supabase schema

Minimum required columns on `feed_items` (types shown for reference):

- `id` (uuid or text, primary key)
- `title` (text)
- `url` (text)
- `summary` (text, nullable)
- `published_at` (timestamp with time zone, nullable)
- `status` (text) — expected values include `ready` and `completed`
- `queued_status` (text) — one of `queued|skipped|duplicate|low_quality|clickbait|out_of_scope`
- `selection_reason` (text, nullable)

Example SQL (adjust types/constraints as needed):

```
-- ids may be text or uuid depending on your pipeline
create table if not exists public.feed_items (
  id text primary key,
  title text not null,
  url text not null,
  summary text,
  published_at timestamptz,
  status text not null default 'ready',
  queued_status text,
  selection_reason text
);
```

## Prompt

The selection prompt (Thai) is tailored to pick high‑quality, non‑duplicative, tech/science/innovation news. It instructs the model to return only a strict JSON array and to label each item with a `queued_status` and short `reason`.

## Notes

- The tool adjusts to ensure exactly `K` items are marked `queued` per run.
- If the model returns fewer than `K`, it fills from the input order to reach `K`.
- Set `--dry-run` while tuning prompts and defaults.

---

## (TH) คำอธิบายภาษาไทย

News Curator เป็น CLI ช่วยคัดเลือกข่าวด้วย AI ออกแบบให้เปิดเผยซอร์ส ใช้งานง่าย และตั้งค่าได้ โดยจะดึงข่าวล่าสุดจาก Supabase (`feed_items`) ส่งให้โมเดลผ่าน OpenRouter เพื่อคัดและตัดซ้ำ แล้วอัปเดตสถานะที่ฐานข้อมูล มีโหมด Dry‑run สำหรับทดสอบโดยไม่เขียนข้อมูลจริง

จุดเด่น:

- Prompt ภาษาไทย เน้นข่าว เทคโนโลยี/วิทยาศาสตร์/นวัตกรรม
- เลือกข่าวที่ดีที่สุด และไม่ซ้ำกัน ในจำนวน K รายการ
- Dry‑run โชว์ผลที่เลือกโดยไม่แตะฐานข้อมูล
- Log แบบ JSON เหมาะกับ workflow อัตโนมัติ

ติดตั้งและใช้งาน:

1) เติมค่าใน `.env` (ดูตัวอย่าง `.env.example`)
2) รัน `npm run build`
3) รัน `news-curator --dry-run` เพื่อทดสอบ

ตัวเลือกสำคัญ:

- `--hours` ชั่วโมงย้อนหลัง (ค่าเริ่มต้น 48)
- `--limit` จำนวนสูงสุดที่ดึง (ค่าเริ่มต้น 100)
- `--final` จำนวน K ที่ต้องการเลือก (ค่าเริ่มต้น 12)
- `--model` เลือกโมเดล OpenRouter
- `--dry-run` แสดงผลโดยไม่เขียนฐานข้อมูล

สคีมาที่ใช้บน Supabase ดูหัวข้อ “Supabase schema” ด้านบน

## License

MIT
